This folder contains multiple files: 
## BGV_IUCN_categories.xlsx
The Sebicop has a [tool](https://listaroja.conservacionvegetal.org/buscador.php) that allows you to check the IUCN red list category for species that appear in Spain. This was an effort conducted by Sebicop to include these species in the red list in 2008, and has been kept updated since. This document contains the assigned red list categories for each accession in the BGV. This was generated by first converting the spcies names in the sebicop document to WFO's taxonomy, to have harmonized and comparable species names.
The The [file itself](BGV_IUCN_categories.xlsx) contains three columns:
1. **AccessionNumber**: the accession number of the affected accesion.
2. **OriginalName**: the original species name contained in the BGV database.
3. **Category**: the red list category that corresponds to that specific species. 



## BGV_WFO_differences.xlsx

After transforming the BGV original scientific names to the World Flora Online (WFO) taxonomy, this document contains the species names that changed.
The The [file itself](BGV_WFO_differences.xlsx) contains three columns:
1. **OriginalName**: the original species name contained in the BGV database.
2. **WFOSpecies**: the species name as per WFO's taxonomy. 
3. **AccessionNumber**: the accession number of the affected accesion.

## GermplasmBankSpeciesMapping

the species mappings between the names in the germplasm's database and the accepted names found using [GBIF's species lookup tool](https://www.gbif.org/tools/species-lookup ).
The [file itself](GermplasmBankSpeciesMapping.csv) contains three columns:
  1. **Database name**: The species name as it appears on the germplasm's database.
  3. **Accepted name**: The species name, as it is accepted and appears in GBIF's taxonomy.
  4. **Difference**: The distinction between the database name and the accepted name. Can take the following value or combination of values:
     * *SYNONYM*: the database name is a synonym of the accepted species.
     * *Genus*: the database name could only be matched up to genus level using GBIF's species lookup took.
     * *Typo*: the database name contained some typing mistake.
     * *Needs revision*: the accepted name needs expert revision.
